Use  EHorizon to improve road label during turn-by-turn navigation (#3019)
mapbox/mapbox-navigation-ios: CHANGELOG.md

* Removed deprecated and obsoleted `EventsManager` typealias, `StatusView.delegate`, `StatusView.canChangeValue`, `RouteLegProgress.upComingStep`, `StatusViewDelegate`, `DeprecatedStatusViewDelegate` and `BottomBannerViewController.init(delegate:)`. ([#2993](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-ios/pull/2993))
* Fixed a potential memory leak when using `MultiplexedSpeechSynthesizer`. ([#3005](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-ios/pull/3005))
* Fixed an issue where instruction banners could appear in the wrong color after switching between `Style`s. ([#2977](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-ios/pull/2977))

> * Improved the road name labeling accuracy during turn-by-turn navigation by using `Notification.Name.electronicHorizonDidUpdatePosition`. ([#3019](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-ios/pull/3019))

Reviewer: It‘s sufficient to explain implementation details in this PR’s description; the changelog entry only needs to describe the bug that was fixed.

```suggestion
* Fixed an issue where the current road name label sometimes displayed the name of an intersecting road instead of the current road or blinked in and out. ([#3019](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-ios/pull/3019))
```

Author: Thanks for the suggestion, I'll update the ChangeLog.

> * Improved the road lable accuracy during turn-by-turn navigation by using the e-horizon notification road name to improve the road feature result. ([#3019](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-ios/pull/3019))

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Improved the road name labeling accuracy during turn-by-turn navigation by using `Notification.Name.electronicHorizonDidUpdatePosition`. ([#3019](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-ios/pull/3019))
```

Reviewer 2: As a second thought: I'm not even sure that we should add this part, since no public APIs are affected.

Author: Thanks for the suggestion, I'll remove this part.
